A chaotic area of small vendors, open air street performers, beggars, orators, merchants and buyers of all descriptions, the Great Market is perhaps the most vital and exciting place in the city of Bral. No other place carries the same broad shouldered love-of-life and gold nor conveys the Rock’s mercantile spirit in quite the same way. The Great Market attracts the curious and the greedy of dozens of spheres and it is said that anything can be bought, or sold, in the Great Market of Bral. In the stalls and alleyways of the Great Market, you can find armorers, astrologers, bakers, barbers, barristers, beggars, blacksmiths, bookbinders, brewers, butchers, carpenters, carters, cartographers, chandlers, clerks, clockmakers, cobblers, cutlers, dyers, embroiderers, fullers, furriers, gilders, girdlers, glassblowers, glaziers, grocers, haberdashers, homers, hosiers, joiners, limners, mercers, painters, pipers, porters, scribes, tailors, tanners, tinkers, and weavers of every description. Several hundred people constantly throng the square during business hours. Pickpockets and beggars are a recognized hazard of the Great Market. In general, any item the players care to buy or sell can probably be moved somewhere in the Great Market. If the PCs are buying, they can find everyday items at 70-120% of listed cost (d6 + 6). Rare or unusual items or services can cost 100- 150% normal (d6 + 9). If they are selling, there is a 75% chance that they will find a buyer willing to take their goods off their hands for 60-110% of its real value (d6 + 5). One of the unusual characters of the Great Market is Ren the Wretched, a hideous old beggar despised and reviled by all. If the players can tolerate his whining and wheedling, they will discover that Ren is an excellent guide to the market. He can direct the players to any particular merchant or service in half the time it would take otherwise.