The strongest point Topside, the Donjon is a walled keep that dominates the Middle City. Surrounded by a 25-foot-high curtain wall and four 50-foot towers, the central keep is a powerful, yet graceful, building. The Donjon’s central tower soars nearly 110 feet above the streets below. A battalion of the Regular Army garrisons the Donjon, comprising five companies of 60 men each. Only two companies are here at any time, though. One of the companies is split into garrisons of the ballista towers and patrols of the city, while the other two companies are off duty. The Lord Donjon commands the garrison and is the second ranking officer in the Bralian armies. The Donjon serves another purpose besides simple protection: it is also Bral’s prison. Most people convicted on the Rock are sent Underside for hard labor in the slave-tended fields. Those who are too dangerous, or who personally run afoul of the Prince, end up here. The central keep sits above a complex underground prison four levels deep. Over 300 cells are available, although most are unoccupied. There are rumors of a magical tunnel leading to a cellar of Andru’s palace from a secret room in the Donjon’s prisons, and it is said that there are special prisoners here who are regularly visited by Andru. The wilder rumors claim that Prince Calar is not dead, but is instead being held in a special room in the Donjon. Mounted on each of the Donjon’s four towers is one of the modified ballistae used in the ballista towers. In addition, six modified medium catapults are located in sheltered turrets around the walls of the central keep. Each catapult is made of steel, and enchanted to a +2 value.