[[Prince Andru]]'s palace crowns the Rock like a white jewel. During Cozar’s day, only one wing of the current structure stood. Frun expanded the palace tremendously, adding on the magnificent Grand Dome and the Leading Wing. Starhaven, as the palace is named, is the center of Bralian diplomacy and intrigue. If someone has business at the palace, they are usually summoned by a courier who presents them with a small golden scepter. This scepter allows passage into the palace, but it must be surrendered at the gate. A few of the nobles and some powerful merchants possess silver scepters, allowing passage into the palace at any time. Silver scepters are not surrendered. Lastly, copper scepters are given to people who arrive at the palace gate with urgent business. Player characters being player characters, sooner or later they are going to want to storm up to the palace and see the prince. There are a few obstacles in their path, however. At the top of the [[Stonebridge]], the adventurers will be halted at the [[Gatehouse]]. They will be questioned by the [[Captain of the Watch]], an officer of the Royal Guard. He has a watch of 20 Guardsmen to ward the gate. If the PCs are especially convincing, the Captain of the Watch will send a messenger to the palace [[Morika Ashan|Majordomo]], who will decide whether or not she wishes to see the visitors. If the Majordomo sends back word to admit the guests, the party will be escorted to the nearby Palace Gate. Eight more Royal Guards are posted there. Armed persons will be asked to surrender their weapons to the watch. They will then be escorted to the palace and met in the portico by the Majordomo, who will determine exactly who it is the party really needs to talk with. The palace has at least 40 crack guards on duty at all times, and troublemakers are summarily dealt with in a harsh manner. The interior of the palace is a marvelous display of wealth and elegance. Antique furniture and rare and valuable works of art are tastefully arranged in every room. The floors are of gold-veined marble or polished teak. There are many windows, all made of glassteel. Footmen, in impeccable livery, attend all the non-servant chambers of the palace, resplendent in their white, gold-braided waistcoats. Guards in polished armor stand at parade rest, ever vigilant. All of the chambers of state and the common receiving rooms are on the first floor of the palace. The ceilings are generally 15 to 25' high. Some of the palace towers have more than one floor, but any space above the first floor is generally used for storage or additional servant housing.