While it pales in comparison to the [[Great Market]] of the Middle City, the Lesser Market is still quite a fascinating place. There are far fewer craftsmen and artisans here, and most of the stalls are run by peddlers and small merchants. Quite a few fast talkers make this their home as well, and many of the booths are simple shell games or ring-around-the-bottle scams designed to separate the spacefarer from his hard earned gold. Because of this, the Lesser Market tends to have a more festive and less mercantile atmosphere. Most common trades and services are represented here, including astrologers, beggars, carters, cobblers, cutlers, dyers, glaziers, grocers, hosiers, joiners, limners, mercers, tinkers, weavers, and thieves of all kinds. With a little patience and some bargaining, the careful shopper will find almost any goods or services at 60-110% (d6 + 5) of their normal value. It is quite possible to find a fine wheel-lock pistol for 400 gp, or a diamond brooch worth 300 gp for half price. Of course, bargains like these are obviously fenced goods, and the shopper who takes advantage of these deals had better be prepared for any eventuality. Then again, in Bral possession is the entirety of the law. The Lesser Market is plagued by skillful pickpockets and cutpurses. Every person who walks into the Lesser Market has a 1 in 4 chance of being the target of a pickpocket attempt, or 1 in 8 if they are taking obvious and sensible precautions. Flayers hoping to sell their unusual belongings here will find that most people assume they are fencing stolen goods and only offer 30-80% (d6 + 2) of the item’s retail value.