This large building houses the Harbormasters, the Longshoremens’ Guild, and the Royal Customs Officers. The Harbormasters are agents of the Master of the Docks. The Customs Officers, who are under [[Bianca Micharle]]'s Board of Customs, are also under his direct supervision. In turn, the Master of the Docks is one of the chief bureaucrats in the service of the Council of Captains. It is his job to schedule space in the landing caverns or along the docks, to supervise the customs inspections of cargoes being brought into the city, and, generally, to carry out the orders of the [[Council of Captains]]. Players wishing to dock in Bral will eventually have to speak to one of the Harbormasters and arrange to rent landing space—usually assessed at 1 sp per ton, per day. It may be expensive, but then again, space is at a premium on the Rock. Anytime the players pull into Bral, they will also have to undergo a customs inspection and fill out a lengthy declaration of cargo. It would be wise for players with ships to ensure that accurate manifests are kept. As an aside, the Customs Officers and Harbormasters are notoriously corrupt and often collect “expedition taxes” to quickly finish their inspections and dock the ships. Once the ship is tied up, or cradled, the longshoremen come on board. Generally, two longshoremen per five tons of ship, will suffice to unload the vessel’s cargo in short order (about half a day). Longshoremen are paid 6 sp per day, with an additional 2 sp surcharge per worker, which goes into the guild’s coffers. Captains refusing to pay their longshoremen will find that crucial parts of their cargoes mysteriously disappeared during unloading and they will also find that they will never be able to hire on help from the guild again.