Also referred to as the Shipyards, yards, or simply the docks, this area is occupied by construction and repair facilities for ships of almost any size. The Drydocks do not belong to any particular merchant or noble house, but are instead owned by the Crown, which grants the [[Shipwrights' Guildhall|Shipwrights’ Guild]] a license to carry out their business here. The real effect of this is a monopoly, since the only organization that builds or repairs ships is the Guild. The docks include the Guild Hall, several large cradles for supporting vessels not designed for dry landings, a large ironworks, and a couple of vast repair caverns where ships can be worked beneath the cover of the Rock. The docks are the exclusive domain of [[Irdana Shipwright]], an ingenious designer and builder who leads the Guild. She seems to oversee half a dozen projects at once and still finds the time to help a young child repair his toy boat. From a business perspective, ship construction or repair costs are held at 10% above normal value, but the workmanship is excellent. With an additional 10% surcharge, the shipwrights can rush a repair or construction job, cutting one-third off the normal time required for the job. Treating the shipwrights rudely or pushing them around is a very poor idea. They will simply refuse to work on the offender’s vessels ever again. Presently, there are two battle dolphins under construction, a hammership in for repairs, and two tradesmen in for maintenance and repainting.